Manuscript ID: ACM_147012005
Manuscript title: The Kaplan Meier Estimate in Survival Analysis

1. The article title is appropriate.
5

2. The abstract accurately reflects the content.
5

3. There are few grammatical errors and spelling mistakes in this article.
5 
There is no grammatical errors and spelling mistakes in this article.

4. The purpose or purported significance of the article is explicitly stated.
5

5. The literature review and research study methods are explained clearly.
4

6. The research study methods are sound and appropriate.
5

7. All figures, tables, and photos are necessary and appropriate.
4

8. The conclusions or summary are accurate and supported by the content.
4

9. The references are comprehensive and appropriate.
5

10. There is enough new content in this paper to distinguish it from other works.
3
However this is very good study research.

11. If the paper is an extended version of a conference paper, the submission provides enough new material for journal publication.
4

12. Please give a frank account of the strengths and weaknesses of the article
The main contribution of this manuscript is to research and explain Kaplan-Meier menthod in survival analysis.
The research leans towards study research. Authors gave good explanations and illustrations.
I confirm that I am neutral in this review although I agree with comments of editor Qingyuan Li later on.

13. Please provide detailed suggestions on how to improve the paper
Although the research is interesting but it goes beyond the subject of the issue that is relevant to optimization.
It belongs to statistical survival analysis. I regret to reject this submission. This is my difficult decision.
I encourage authors to give (possibly theoretical) application of their research to optimization and re-submit their research.
Moreover, I am willing to review again this manuscript if authors submit to other issues or journals relevant to data analysis, statistical analysis, practical probability.
There are many those journals in Science Publishing Group (http://www.sciencepublishinggroup.com/journal/journalbycategory?categoryid=14). 


14. Minor comments (if any)


15. Confidential Comments (if any):

16. Overall Evaluation:

17. Upload the Reviewed Manuscript (If you have revised something on the manuscript 147012004):


