Manuscript ID: ACM_147012004
Manuscript title: Compute the Presentations of GL(4,pk)

1. The article title is appropriate.
4

2. The abstract accurately reflects the content.
4.

3. There are few grammatical errors and spelling mistakes in this article.
3
There are many grammatical errors and spelling mistakes. 

4. The purpose or purported significance of the article is explicitly stated.
3

5. The literature review and research study methods are explained clearly.
3

6. The research study methods are sound and appropriate.
4

7. All figures, tables, and photos are necessary and appropriate.
3

8. The conclusions or summary are accurate and supported by the content.
2
There is no conclusion section.

9. The references are comprehensive and appropriate.
5

10. There is enough new content in this paper to distinguish it from other works.
3
However this is very good survey research.

11. If the paper is an extended version of a conference paper, the submission provides enough new material for journal publication.
3

12. Please give a frank account of the strengths and weaknesses of the article
(When this is survey research, authors should give more proofs and opinions)

13. Please provide detailed suggestions on how to improve the paper
Although the research is interesting but it goes beyond the subject of the issue that is relevant to optimization.
It belongs to abstract algebra. I regret to reject this submission. This is my difficult decision.
I encourage authors to give (possibly theoretical) application of their research to optimization and re-submit their research.
Moreover, I am willing to review again this manscript if authors submit to other issues or this journal "Applied and Computational Mathematics", relevant to abstract algebra.


14. Minor comments (if any)
Author should re-format the manuscript and check spelling errors.

15. Confidential Comments (if any):

16. Overall Evaluation:

17. Upload the Reviewed Manuscript (If you have revised something on the manuscript 147012004):


